---
title: "Word Project #0"
layout: post
date: 2019-05-11 12:20
image: /assets/images/markdown.jpg
headerImage: false
tag:
- project
- wordproject
category: project
author: Hailey Haeun Park
description: Word Project #0
---

<h2> I FINALLY started Github pages! </h2>

Are you a type of person who believes in the constellation test?

Are you a type of person who tries all kinds of personality test like MBTI even though you know what you are?

Are you a type of person who asks others the first impression of you?

Congratulations!

​

If you are those type of person,

you are on the right track.

​

Just like you, I, iterally, love analyzing the characteristics of my favorite movies' heroes, or celebrities. However, the funniest personal trait to analyze would be mine.

​

Let's keep behind the fact that I once, like 3 seconds, planned having a star debut just to be analyzed by my imaginary fans.

​

​

SO,

​

I'm gonna analyze my book wish list that I've bookmarked for a year

using R

to be specific,

scientific,

and terrific.

(This is my first time to make English rhyme. Excuse my language.)

​

I'm sure this analytics will help me know myself who is, at the same time, independent and made of my life experiences

​

because



As a human, we are continuously influenced by the beloved books, films, and musics and they make ourselves even though we seem an abstract and independent creatures.  


The things I want to analyze and share with you are

​

1. What is the word that appears most often in the titles of books on my book wish list?

2. What publishers are my favorite?

3. What book series I love the most?

4. What kind of book I am interested in the most?

​

​

​

I hope I can pioneer one kind of art that only I can do, based on what I found aside from the truth.

​

​

Would you dive into my book wish list?

​

​

You are always welcome!

​
